Adds `acme.profile` and `acme.emailAddresses` options. (#11597)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/acme.md

# ...
```

### `profile`

_Optional, Default=""_

> Server certificate profile to use.
> 
> This new feature will allow to opt in to the next evolution of Let’s Encrypt.
> https://letsencrypt.org/2025/01/09/acme-profiles/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificate profile to use.

For more information, please checkout the [Let's Encrypt blog post](https://letsencrypt.org/2025/01/09/acme-profiles/) about certificate profile selection.
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
certificatesResolvers:
  myresolver:
    acme:
      # ...

>       profile: 'tlsserver'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      profile: tlsserver
```
